CEL input: Add OTel tracing (#48440)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/filebeat/filebeat-input-cel.md

Specifies the AWS region that will be used in the v4 signing process. This is optional and if not set it will be inferred by the request URL.

### `otel.trace` [_otel_trace]

```{applies_to}
stack: ga 9.3.1
```

OpenTelemetry tracing is activated using OTel-standard environment variables. Input settings can be used to override the default span attribute redaction behavior.

> By default, the value of a HTTP header or query string parameter will be redacted in span attributes if its name includes a word suggesting sensitive data, based on a fixed list of words. The settings here can override that behavior for specific full names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the value of an HTTP header or query string parameter will be redacted in span attributes if its name contains a word that suggests sensitive data, based on a fixed list of words. The settings here can override that behavior for specific full names.
```
